Update links to polaris.shopify.com (#773)
Shopify/ui-extensions: packages/admin-ui-extensions/src/components/Checkbox/content/guidelines.md

| Use Checkboxes to give merchants a multi select choice | Horizontally stack Checkboxes |
| Vertically align Checkboxes                            |                               |

> For more guidelines, refer to Polaris' [Checkbox best practices](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/forms/checkbox#best-practices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more guidelines, refer to Polaris' [Checkbox best practices](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/selection-and-input/checkbox#best-practices).
```
